Aries: You are facing the implementation period of self-mastery through much of this year's undeniably insightful energy. Financially, you can expect some helpful collaborations that really have your best interest in mind. Jupiter's presence adds to the vibe of being in tune with your most helpful gifts. You are feeling more jovial and able to share your work with the right connections. There are many who also align with your cause as the transit of Saturn continues to stir your inner fires, eventually leading to a profound level of achievement.
Taurus: In many cases, you are one of the luckiest signs in the zodiac this year. Even with a competitive square between Saturn and Uranus in your dominating sign, this year can bring the change you really need to wake up to a new way of life. More specifically, you are given a direct access point through your personal interactions and connections, especially in February, May, and December.
Gemini: This year, making crucial decisions means you must always be several steps ahead of everyone else. There's a strong chance for abundance, especially through major financial windfalls as Jupiter transits through the sign of Aquarius—more specifically activated from January through mid-May, and also mid-October through late December. Taking on multiple jobs or spanning several different work fields is highly probable as well. Saturn shifting through your personal ninth house zone of higher learning and education emphasizes your insatiable thirst for knowledge.
Cancer: There is so much you are paying attention to it is sometimes daunting to even fully think about in one sitting. Your sign is so responsible that it can often lead to taking care of the entire family at once. You might oversee your finances as well as the financial wellness of everyone around you. Ask yourself where is the illusion here, and where can other people bring a little more maturity to the table? If you've been supporting someone either through living situations or sending them some extra spending money, you might have to show some tough love this year.
Leo: There's a plethora of abundance that can be gained from 2021's eclectic transits. You might even consider switching careers by the time you make your way through the year ahead. Financially, you are in pretty awesome standing. There have been a ton of ups and downs in the world around you, but your fighting sign has seemed to find a way for yourself to make it through the many storms.
Virgo: It's nice to feel appreciated by so many people around you, Virgo. You've put in many years of hard work and dedication to get to this point. Even as you've found markets fluctuating and taken unknown paths, 2021 will be quite beneficial for your career, in general.
Libra: Your charming wit and personality have other people floored! This is the year where you can really get what you ask for if you play your cards just right. You do have to plan ahead and be on top of your game, even if this means you have to go out of your comfort zone in a major way.
Scorpio: Your determined sign is always on top of the current market trends occurring in your field of business. You are excellent at self-promotion ready and willing to invest your time into what really counts for your future. You have no problem holding out for a better deal or making sacrifices to get where you need to go.
Sagittarius: The important lesson for your fiery sign in 2021 includes the idea of whether you are able to withstand and uphold your capacity to build. There is a multitude of expansive cosmic transits also immediately met by contractile energies.
Capricorn: You are absolutely and positively obsessed with your work life. That is just what you were built to do here on this planet, and this year holds no exceptions to this point in your life. You will do the work of a full team by yourself if that means you can keep your business moving steadily ahead.
Aquarius: There is a lucky vibe to your money chart this year, Aquarius! And much like all other realms of your life these days, professional developments seemingly come out of nowhere. It's the absolute sheer magnetism you have as so much electricity soars through your personal chart.
Pisces: 2021 is marked by continual shifts and changes. Some are smaller than you would have expected, and others completely turn your world upside-down. For your sign of the Fish, you've been putting in years and years of long hours and sacrifice for a dream that you turned into a major reality.