Aries: For those Aries who have been waiting for the right one to come along, this could be the year for you! Your sign of the Ram is very picky when it comes to a long-term romantic partner. It isn't always the same for those who just want to have some fun with no strings attached. There can be a feeling that you've met the one early on this year, especially as Mars hasn't quite left your sign until January 6.
Taurus: Taurus natives seeking some love this year might just find it in the strangest of places. On the flip side, multiple romantic connections can happen simultaneously and out of nowhere. You have plenty of chances to really feel yourself this year, as 2021 opens up with some really interesting surprises. As Jupiter and Uranus add friction to your chart in the months of January and February, you might find yourself one of the most popular people in the dating game right out of the gate. Now, deciding whether any romantic prospects entering your life are worth it is another piece of the puzzle for you. Your birthday month could bring someone around that truly knocks you off your feet only to feel more confused once eclipse season arrives during late May and early June. There might be part of you that really prefers to be in a non-committal relationship, especially during the first half of the year.
Gemini: This year, trusting the signals your antenna catches is what this is what it's all about—especially since the north node of fate transits through your personal sign. There is a ton to be extremely appreciative of even if you feel lonely at times.
Cancer: There is a lot you must unpack this year, Cancer. For those recently single Crabs, remind yourself that due to 2020's insanity, you made the right decision for yourself and your life. And by now, it might just be time to really dive into the therapy you've bee needing for a while. You might have over-committed your heart to someone who truly didn't deserve it, or you just are sick and tired of the same old story.
Leo: This is a huge year for your exuberant sign, Leo! There is so much going on, that it is often hard to keep track of all the wonderful goodies in store for your sign of the Lion! A major component of this year is also learning how to let go and surrender to the unknown.
Virgo: This is a major career year for your sign, Virgo. Your analytical self will enjoy the hard work and dedication it takes to make your dreams become a reality, but you also get a little boost of love from the cosmic cycles as well. You've done a lot of good deeds for so many people that it's kind of your time to let some good be returned to you as well. The only problem is sitting still and letting yourself have some fun along the way!
Libra: There's nothing short of romantic prosperity in alignment with the circuitous route brought to you throughout 2021! Your sign of the Scales prefers to be in a solid and steady relationship in order to help balance you out! You are meant to be with your soulmate, that is for sure, and 2021 can bring along someone who is totally right for you! This can be a year where you, in fact, meet the love of your life. There's a steady feeling of embracing nature and spirituality that can actually bring a very special partnership your way.
Scorpio: 2021 can bring forth chance meetings and fated affairs for single Scorpios. The presence of both Jupiter and Saturn in the sign of someone new steamrolls through your fourth house of home and family, shaking your ground and waking you up to some very enjoyable love connections. There are plenty of opportunities for passionate encounters to begin quickly only to fizzle out or be met with a choice between two people type of vibe. There isn't a lot you have to worry about if you are not looking for anything serious, because this is a great year to have fun and attract some extracurricular partnerships.
Sagittarius: For those Sagittarians seeking partnership, you are going on a quest for love this year! There is no more settling that needs to take place in your life, most specifically for those Centaurs who have already experienced unhealthy and toxic relationships.
Capricorn: You have woken up to a different version of yourself this year, Capricorn! You are a unique soul that is here for a welcoming purpose on this earth! The presence of your home planet Saturn is in full force this year, and has many lessons for your sign of the Goat to take in and process.
Aquarius: Single Aquarians are in for a wonderful year ahead! 2021 packs in all the punches and is in no way holding back when it comes to finding someone who shakes your soul. This is one of those years to be open to what comes next. You cannot predict anything that will find its way to you this year, but at the same time, know that in many ways it's really just meant to be this way!
Pisces: There's a difficult energy to pin down this year, Pisces. You have to really take the approach of allowing life to come as it is for your sensitive sign of the Fish.
